start writing Documentation (#20)
zephyrproject-rtos/gsoc-2022-arduino-core: documentation/arduino_libs.md

# Using external Arduino Libraries

A sample has been provided here using [ADXL345: ArduinoCore-Demo](https://github.com/DhruvaG2000/ArduinoCore-Demo).

Let's assume the structure of your application for simplicity to be,

```tree
├── blinky_arduino
│   ├── CMakeLists.txt
│   ├── prj.conf
│   ├── README.rst
│   └── src
│       └── main.cpp
```

## Update contents of src folder
Paste your library's source files like ``ADXL345.h`` and ``ADXL345.cpp`` in your project's src folder. 

## Update CMakeLists
As we can see, there is a Top-level CMakelists which needs to be updated with your external library's source files.

> For example refer to the ADXL345 demo has ``ADXL345.cpp`` in it's CMakeLists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we add `target_sources(app PRIVATE src/ADXL345.cpp)`  to CMakeLists.txt.
```
I think being explicit on how to add the source file to the build will be helpful.
